alright welcome everybody high series to
the weekly inspiration for success lab
tests I'm here to be talking with Mark
Timberlake I am mark isaacson I am also
an instructor and you are interested in
checking out any of my courses you can
find them here on the link that I just
pasted below sometimes it seems like lab
is a little bit slow in responding to
stuff in the chat box and then also with
the replay will be available later on at
that website is well and I'll make sure
that and he thinks that we put in here
will be available to website all
eventually have a transcript of session
notes that we put their so make sure
that you check out the replay on my
website there later on so I'd like to
introduce my guest here oh I guess I
should mention to you people about
myself is that I have more about
technical type of courses are technical
in nature however the course that you
might be interested in seeing as our
talk about marketing and sales funnels
etcetera etcetera today I do have a
course that's called out business
success formula build a website that
works for you and that's a wonderful
tool that you can use and help you with
collecting email address is doing
creating your photos in your various
marketing so go ahead and check that out
the discount on my website there and I'd
like to introduce mark to you
mark runs a marketing company called SME
heroes
which produces websites video content
commercial photography and also
specializes in training and coaching on
all things to do with online he has
extensive experience making money with
online business in various forms over
the last 12 years and loves to teach
directly from his own experience in
addition he also has over 12 years
experience in online retail and over
five years experience is a commercial
photographer this means he has a deep
breath and experience which comes
through in his forces which are always
designed to be easy to understand and to
pass on the practical skills he has
learned he also has a number of three
courses available so check those out as
well before I have mark introduced
himself I do just wants you mentioned
that you guys can see 03 you post your
questions in the chat window here you
perceive them with a forward slash cue
and then do your question we will answer
the questions at the end zone will be
paying attention interesting questions
but will hold off on answering them
until the end we have a ton more
information than we could fit into an
hour here anyway so it's going to be
tight as it is so hang out and enjoy the
ride and I turned them over to you go
ahead and introduce yourself
hi yes she talked about the Uni side of
my business and currently 2121 courses
will soon be 24 paid courses at the end
of this week on there in about six free
courses promise possibly two more coming
up before Black Friday that I'm
constructed so you know quite a few
quite quite a few years anniversary last
month and so as mark mentioned he does
have a lot of courses on you to me now
he's got a lot of experience with
aspects of the sales to the sales funnel
that you may not have considered that
will give us a chance to talk about
but before we get into the specifics of
the sales funnel I do want to give you
the chance to learn a little bit about
Mark's background that's something that
I think is valuable information and
background he's got a ton to talk about
so we'll give you a little bit of a
taste of some of the things in Mark we
mentioned that you got experience
selling mine products you tell us a
little bit about some of the things that
you've sold online previously prior to
coming to you to be self my wife and I
mean we run a business on eBay and we
was one of the largest exporter in the
UK and he could collect we're on that
business 12 years sign that was really
where we remember fallen in love with
the idea of an online business that many
people doing it back then and you know
selling product back then was really
tough because people see product on the
internet so I hope business we didn't
have a shopper whole business was was
online selling a lot to you americans
you like and the Chinese Chinese
particularly like to buy from
chinese-american market all of us out
but it was really it was really good
time it was a really good time and
something we really enjoy dinner still
gotta love for antique porcelain and
Chinese ports and Japanese if you got
any other pieces of Chinese or Japanese
porcelain or strength thinks and you
wanna know what it is and he just just
ping me trust me so that was that was
where we came from that was
one basically had to do it while one
business and one day I'm watching
bargain so I said not knowing anything
about the trade and a really important
point to understand is gonna come into
the conversation later I made a lot of
business
ok I don't even talk about breaking even
here i'm talking and lost an important
point come back later on
yep you didn't bring up their baghdad
actually your antique business was at a
loss because this is part of the
important learning that you had up how
to do things right I was in so that this
was a smash success rate for the
beginning in there with ya as mark
mentioned humanity lost initially and so
other things so that I just want to tie
into a little bit of background so
you're doing these antiques which led
you to some other of your businesses as
well as a talk a little bit about some
of that we were selling some very
expensive and takes on line one of the
things we learned good quality because
it ended things from you know 25 pounds
1,500 pounds and we were selling them to
someone on the outside world and the
only thing I have to go without
description and we've been teased you
have to be really precise about all the
damage and everything's a tiny hairline
crack you've gotta show so what happened
was the MTG business started slowing
down during this this last recession
people were not buying antiques it was a
lot of our customers are middle-class so
that once they start feeling so I know
what we decided to do a commercial
product and then we created a business
call business photography
I'm not let in and she said we should do
production and monies in video offering
video about five years and we tend to do
so high end commercial for medium-sized
companies and its own commercial